For my Soundscape Narrative, I have chosen to detail the highly nervous energy environment that is a hospital. Although the hospital is a place where people go to seek restoration and wellness,however the hospital is actually a highly overwhelming place. Not only are hospitals eery, robotic, and industrial, they are stressful and noisy. In an attempt to examine how hospital sounds negatively affect a person, I will create a soundscape that will take place in a hospital to see if these particular sounds induce anxiety, worry, or stress on a person that finds themself in this environment.
	In this preview of my soundscape, I have added two clips of typical sounds that a person may encounter in a hospital. In the preview, a listener will immediately hear the sound of background noise. They can hear how fast-paced the environment is because of the plethora of sounds one can hear. As the clips fades in and noise gets louder, the listener really has to focus on the chatter coming from the patients and the staff. One can note how busy and crowded this space is. Based on the initial background noise, one instantly becomes curious and intrigued by these sounds.
	A listener’s anxiety levels really do not start to rise until the beeping clip begins. This beeping sound is used to portray the equipment used to supply life support. Because everyone knows a steady beeping sound usually signifies that a person’s life is in an unstable condition, they become increasingly more tense. I think this point in the soundscape, people are more than aware that they are in a healthcare space, if not a hospital’s waiting room. 
	As I develop my soundscape, I am planning on gathering more sounds like doctor’s conversations, patients checking in, coordiors being crowded, weight and height being recorded, equipment being used, sirens and alarms going off, doors slamming, and telephones ringing. I plan on going to UPMC Presbyterian to gather these original sounds. My goal at the end of this soundscape is to test whether the listener's anxiety levels, stress, or worry have actually increased. 
